I notice now after just filming this
that this probably looks terrible
standing smoothly that I've been
drinking same thing just a few less
strawberries about eight bananas
breakfast of champions no need for
coffee when you're eating clean lean get
the fuel from your food delicious it's a
lot of people think I do a lot of
training a lot of sport a lot of
activity
I really don't this is the majority of
my activity walking this because I'd
like back to reset when we get back to
nature you know I could be cycling in
this time but I like to chill relax me a
little bit during the day in the Sun get
on the bike later bike home take a
longer route whatever
some people say all but you bike you
bike to class you know that's for miles
you know that's more than I do how much
what do you do do you not do anything
you know I say that I walk I walk for
maybe a half hour an hour hour and a
half tops
just cruising just chilling talking to
people keep walking some more maybe a
slackline whoa when you have a lifestyle
that cultivates health when you have a
lifestyle that is about being out in
nature when you have a lifestyle that's
about moving the body you know you don't
have to be an Olympic athlete you don't
you just have to move the body have a
lifestyle that fits in your physical
activity so bikes at work or bike to
class or walk to work walk to class park
further away from your office building
there's a thought you know why park so
close so you move your fat ass you know
faster into a job you hate so you can
buy so you make money to buy
that you don't need it's crazy
so my advice I don't have time to walk
in the woods I love the woods near me
fine go outside and walk
pet players your kids got for bid right
so anyway that's a little ramp so we're
walking we're talking philosophizing
what do you understand I don't have time
to work I mean I don't have time to rest
I don't have time to walk I don't have
time to relax in the Sun I don't have
time to to relax I can I don't have time
for it if you don't have time to relax
if you don't have time to rest
I can't get that much sleep I have to do
all this work if you don't have time
your lifestyle is not sustainable that's
like the that's a clear indicator that
whatever lifestyle you're leading he's
not sustainable
hands-down 100% oh but you know I don't
understand I don't have kids I have
friends that have kids and they manage
to get the sleep in they managed to get
the carbs in they managed to live their
passion you have to be a little bit more
resourceful and more organized of course
but does that mean it's not worth it's
not worth it because it's hard work or
whatever you want to sort of rationalize
to make excuse why can't these changes
it's crazy so if you feel like oh well
you live a luxurious life come on let's
get real here it's this we're not
talking luxury we're talking about
basics rest sleep water carbohydrate
calories sunshine seriously these are
basic human essentials if you can't take
care of those you gotta check your life
you're gonna check it out
check out what's wrong check out what's
happening that makes sense we're in a
uniform so we are here in nature
drinking banana smooth
this is how I'd do it full transparency
fall on you know exactly what's in this
now on day five or something you know
exactly within these movies actually
today it's not strawberries for this one
it's you know some frozen organic mixed
berry thing but you know what's in you
know what's in them you know how I do it
this is how I sustain this lifestyle
this is the food portion and if you
don't want to see any of this stuff
check out my website simply vegan dot
weebly.com go to the blog session check
out the Thoreau challenge you can see
you can see what I did there and that
incorporates the sleep that incorporates
the getting outside nature the and the
food into one it's a two week life
simplifying challenge I just I've talked
about it a bunch of times but if you
don't want to watch these videos you
just want to get a quick glimpse check
that out I did that about a year ago a
little more than a year ago and you can
see it's around the same sort of it's
the same stuff same stuff easy super
easy super fun so that's lunch and a
smoothie after this lunch we're looking
at around 22 bananas so far and a cup
and a half of sugar about a cup cup and
a half of frozen berries like three
strawberries and you know some water
mixed in there so that's what we're
looking at probably you know around two
o'clock one o'clock so just so you know
you know getting a lot of calories in
the in the early morning midday evening
always binging always having a good time
representin yo if you want optimal
digestion drink about lehre water isn't
that later fill it up again
drink about a liter of water about hour
hour and a half even a half hour before
meal you'll feel so much better
digestion be smoother in and out if we
better so get the water in we'll see you
for dinner so you want to see the
potatoes cookin
here's our coven just steamed easy I
don't cut him in any specific way I just
cut him bite-sized whatever was doomed
Oh easy
don't fourteen the sides with him who
dares I dared to drink water after a
smoothie today felt like so I
probably should take my own advice
drinking before the meals that it after
because I had a smoothie before I just
thought okay well the you know it's fine
if I drink later
uh definitely not the right digesting
move also could bin because the smoothie
was a little old made it this morning
had it probably probably waited too long
to finish it up forgot I had it
going around crazy today so again advice
drink your water before the meal not
after so I realized in making this I
didn't think it was this ugly until I'm
actually filming it this is pretty nasty
but this is just it's just a little bit
of salsa steamed potatoes and steamed
sweet potatoes it's about five pounds
maybe a little bit more gonna chow down
on this and then whatever is left over
I'll see for lunch going over rose
tonight I'm gonna be good so we'll see
it at the chart